All right.
So now we're going to do is initialize a get repository and push it to get hub dot com.
So I have my news grid Web site right here.
So if I open it up and they open up the index each time all we have the Web site that we built in the
was the last section.
And what we need to do is open this folder up inside of a terminal or a command line which is basically
the same thing.
Now if you're on Windows and you downloaded get which you should have you should be able to right click
and say open with a get bash or if you want you can say open with the Gates is open with command line.
If not then just go down to the windows icon and just type in inside the run text box type in C D and
you'll get your command line open.
Now if you're on a Mac you'll use your terminal.
If you can't find where it is just go to the search up in the top right and type in terminal and hit
enter and your terminal should open like that.
Now you're going to have to be in the news grid sites if you right click and you say open with get bash
you'll be already be in there.
But for me in my home directory now my project is on my desktop.
If I do an L S command and by the way I do have a command line crash course on YouTube as well.
But if I do an atlas it shows me all the folders that are in here and you can see that desktop is is
in here so I'm going to see D which means change directory into desktop.
OK.
Now if I do another alas it shows me everything that's on my desktop.
I want to see these into my news grid Web site or folder.
And if I do an L s you can see all the files that we have that we created.
Now to initialize a get repository locally and you should first actually check to see if you have get
so do get dash dash version and it should show you a virgin.
OK.
And I'm going to clear this up.
We can clear this up with control Al or it might be.
Yeah.
Command and Control Al and then we're gonna do get init.
OK.
So this will initialize a get repository.
What it does is it creates a hidden folder called dot get.
If I do an L S we don't see it.
However if I do l s and I add the dash a flag that means that it's going to show everything even hidden
hidden files and folders.
And now you can see that there is actually a dot get folder here.
All right.
Now we need to we need to add our files to our Get repository.
So I'm going to go ahead and say Get add and instead of doing right writing out every file we can simply
put a dot.
That means get add all OK I'm going to run that and it's going to add it to what's called the staging
area.
All right.
If we want to see what's in that staging area we can say get status and you'll see all of our files
our images everything.
So they're in the staging area.
And now I want to commit them to our local repository so to do that we say get commit and we're going
to put a dash M flag here.
And then inside of quotes just put a comment as to to what what we did what is this commit about.
So we're going to say initial commit since this is our first one.
OK.
So once we do that all of those files get committed to our local repository.
Now what we want to do is take that local repository and push it to get hub dot com.
So let's head over to get hub.
Now once you sign up and you log in you'll see something like this and you just want to go up to the
plus sign and say new repository.
All right.
And then right here you want to put your repository name so I'm going to say news grid and you can put
a description if you want.
We'll just say I don't know I'm just going to say sample Web site.
Now here you can choose public or private and private repositories were premium for a long long time.
But I believe that they just made them free.
Microsoft actually acquired GitHub and I believe they made private depositories free.
And what that means is that if they're private other people can't see them unless you invite them.
If it's public.
Other people will be able to see all your code.
So you know this is a place for public repositories for open source code.
I'm going to choose private.
You guys can choose public if you want.
I just choose private because I have quite a few followers and this is a repository that I'm not going
to keep.
So I don't want people to see it and stuff like that.
So I'm just going to choose private and then I'm going to say create repository.
All right.
Now this pretty much gives us instructions on how to push to get hub.
But there's a couple of things that we don't need like we don't need a read me file but we did already
did this get in it.
We already add it all up for all of our files.
Like I said we don't need to read me so we're not going to do that.
And then we did our commit.
OK.
We did get commit.
Dash M initial commit.
Now we need to add this as our remote repository.
Now if we use this right here if we use SSA which is what's being used you'll need to create what are
called SSA keys which make it so that you don't have to log in every time you push to get hub which
is something you probably want to look into but I'm not going to do that here I'm actually going to
choose H GDP s so I'm going to click this right here and then I'm going to grab this command.
So I'm going to control c I'm going to copy it copy it and then I'm going to paste it in here and run
it and then we want to grab this get push dash you origin master.
So basically we're just saying we want to push to the master branch because and get you can have different
branches.
And that's something that you'll learn about later but we're gonna go ahead and copy that command and
put that in here and it's going to push to get hub case.
Now if I go back and I reload you can see all of our files all of our age team all files are I icon
this DSA store I probably shouldn't have pushed but I didn't want to get into the whole get ignore file
and all that.
I want to keep this very basic.
So I mean it's not going to hurt anything to have this file.
And if you're on Windows you won't have this.
This is a Mac thing.
Then we have our CSX.
We can even look at our code in GitHub but our news good Web site is now a repository is now on github.
So in the next video what I want to do is go to nettled Fi and deploy it basically take this this repository
and deploy it to nullify so that we can actually view it in the browser it'll give us very strange domain
name at first and then we'll add our own custom domain.